


Hey,everybody thanks for coming to dance with me.

I'm laura and today we're going to be covering a non-comprehensive collection of vernacular jazz vocabulary moves.

We'll also be covering that agel question do they begin on eight or one.

[Jumping At the Woodside]


it was frozen in san antonio the plants are back inside.

It's fantastic 


Anyway, solo dancing's ability to dance by yourself is a very important part of being a lindy hopper

and vernacular jazz moves are very important parts of solo-dancing 

but If you're a beginner knowing all of those dIfferent moves

and knowing If they begin on count eight and If they begin on count one can be a whole lot and can be very intimidating.

If you're a more experienced jazz dancer seeing somebody do a move on the one  when it should be on the eight like a clap or a stomp or something like that can be like nails on a chalkboard.
大多数舞者看到拍手之类的8拍动作跳在1拍上会很难受


If you're probably very aware that there's a right way and a wrong way to do things and that can be scary first off there's not a right and a wrong way to do things 
如果你是大神，你怎么跳都是对的


However there are some general rules and traditions that apply to vernacular jazz you can break those rules but only after you know what those rules are and after they're in your body 

Big thank you to my patrons on patreon for helping to make this video free for people like you. If you want to help them the link is in the description
感谢赞助 


So this video is not going to cover everything and independent study is a big part of your job as a dancer 
这是初级solo Jazz指南，希望大家独立学习
However hopefully this can be a general guide and something that will help you out as you try to navigate all of these dIfferences.

general gists(not a catch all)
重点
so this is my issue with deciding If a move starts on eight or move starts on one is moves can kind of navigate 
8拍动作还是1拍动作只是一个指示
they can bleed over the eight over the phrase so eight and one is really limited.

Think about it more as moves that emphasize evens and moves that emphasize odds.
记住是双数动作还是单数动作即可
so before we get into specIfic moves, It's important that we all understand a rhythmic fundamental of swing error jazz 

and that is you snap or you clap on the two and the four of the music. 

[blah-blah-badang-blah-blah-badang]

It's a very dIfferent feel that two and the four is part of what makes swing swing。


It's part of what makes it feel relaxed and so the reason why a lot of these moves have a right and a wrong because of how that move emphasizes that two and four in the music.

第一部分是我认为最固定也是最聒噪的动作，比如Snap Clap, Knee Slap, Stomp Off 
so now that we understand that. let's get to our first group of moves which in my opinion are the hardest rules to break and that is the noisy moves moves that snap clap, knee slap, stomp off things like that obviously 

双数拍，单数拍就不和谐了
because of what we just talked about you want those noises to be on the even beats and if they're on the odd beats that can be a little bit jarring。


here's a list of a bunch of them feel free to follow along 

30x8-ct
[Music: Jump Jack Jump, BPM:188] 


the next group of moves are moves that begin with a Kickball Change.


很难
Now this can be tricky because Kickball Changes don't have to be on the even beats and you can put a Kickball Change on the top of a bunch of different moves 


但还是放在双数拍为好
But If the move traditionally begins with a kickballchange It's generally on an even beat

 
16x8拍
[Music: Jump Jack Jump, BPM:188]


最后一部分
For our last group of moves that start on the evens, i couldn't think of a nice tidy rule for them

重音在双数，所以还是双数动作
but the emphasis is on the evens so they're typically done on the evens [Music]


20x8-ct
[Music: Jump Jack Jump, BPM:188]

重音在1
 next up are moves that start on the one or emphasize odd beats

 first group is going to be the charleston basic or its derivatives things like kick steps, crossovers any prominent kick like that

 is going to be on an odd beat [Music]


5x4x8-ct
[Music: Jump Jack Jump, BPM:188]



The next group are moves that step on every other beat 



 at least that's my tiny little rule that does not apply to everything 
 
 
理论上重音在单数，但高水平舞者应尝试突破
 these moves typically start on the odds but in my opinion they're the easiest rule to break.
 
 
双数跳出可以有不同的质感
You can shIft these moves over to the even to get a dIfferent flare if you do it with knowledge and conviction 

08:25.000
11x4x8-ct
[Music:Benny's Bugle, BPM:190]


用单数跳看看什么效果
Now let's take some of those moves and bump them onto an even beat on purpose to see how they feel [Music]

10:05.000
11x4x8-ct
[Music:Benny's Bugle, BPM:190]


Wait a minute. Some of those are more than every other beat



It's true but the emphasis is every other beat

11:03
14x8-ct
[Music:Benny's Bugle, BPM:190]

so they still fall in that category for example the allen leon triple steps a triple step is a gradual weight shIft that takes a place of two beats triple step one two kick step whole step that kind of thing so even though there are a lot of steps it has a very slow feel so for me that triple step still has that every other bead kind of feel also i mean these are arbitrary rules that i'm making up to help make sense of all of this next up we have moves that i could not make a tidy little rule for some are just feeling it moves [Music]



 some of them i'm not sure what the beginning of the move is like is that a prep or is that a part of the move [Music]


11:29.000
11x4x8-ct
[Music:Benny's Bugle, BPM:190]



moves can also kind of meld into each other so don't put each move on a stone tablet.



It's important to put emphasis like snaps claps on the right beats but dance moves were getting invented all the time so they bled into each other a lot. 
 



So for example, If you take a boogie forward and you change the styling a little. maybe you get something that looks a little bit like a shorty george. 



If you take a shorty george and you move it sideways you have something that looks like a camel walk. 



If you move kick steps forward and backward, well, that's a lot like a charleston basic.If you take that basic and emphasize the kicks on the evens is the steps on the odds, well that turns into squat trust in really easily.



If you double up the squat charleston on one leg well that feels a lot like windmills.



Also check out boogie forward and drunken sailors and then boogie back and fishtails.





[Music:Benny's Bugle, BPM:190]




they're basically the same move.



they're just stylized dIfferently and there's a dIfferent conception of which step the beginning of the move is everything is very messy




It's art.





Now if you're new it can be dIfficult to hear where the eight in the music is a lot of the music in the popular culture now emphasizes the one. 




so moves that begin on the eight can sometimes get dragged onto the one so you're stomping and clapping on the odds




And then people who have more experience with jazz dancing are like 'no!'




The distinction is important but don't sweat it. just keep dancing and paying attention.   





you will do it wrong but everybody does it wrong when they're learning. Just have faith in yourself and keep going.





If you're having trouble physically making up the time dIfference between moves that start on evens and moves to start on odds.




I have a video in it.  It's linked in the description.


12:48


(推广时间)




